---
layout: post
title: Some updates
categories:
- Blog
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
date: 2007-04-11 08:07:18.000000000 +00:00
meta: {}
author:
  name: Gabe Kangas
  website: http://gabekangas
  email: gabek@real-ity.com
  github: https://github.com/gabek
  image: "/images/avatar-64x64.png"
---
So things got pretty heated the other night. She wanted us to start giving each other \"space\", and then asked if I\'d order us a pizza. I stepped out of the house to get some fresh air, not knowing if I would go somewhere or not to get out of the house and she said \"you need to go\", turned off the lights, and locked the door. Good thing I had my keys. Before that we discussed the 40% of debt that i\'ll be owing. I thought it was acceptable, but now the more that I think about it, and the more I talk to people\... i\'ll need more information about it.  It\'s a credit card that was around before I even knew Kelley. The card doesn\'t have my name on it, I don\'t know the balance, and I don\'t know what has ever been charged to it. I\'m
sure some percentage of whatever is owed on that card was in our 1.5yrs of marriage, but i\'m sure a big chunk of it isn\'t. I\'d rather not pay 40% of a balance of a card when I\'ve never seen an invoice. She won\'t tell me what the actual dollar amount I\'ll owe is, she just keeps saying 40%. It should be 40% of what we accrued during our time being married. Not 40% of total debt. Illinois law says debt before marriage is your debt, debt during marriage is shared. So I don\'t know how this will work out coming up, possibly my attorney will get involved. Speaking of\...

My attorney called me yesterday. It turns out he remembers I did computer work, and needs some network help at his office. How about that? He said he\'ll pay me or just discount any services i\'ll need from him. I\'ll take the later.

More things are boxed up, and I still have nowhere to live once I sign on the dotted line. That\'s the day she can legally kick me out. And at this rate she will. She said she\'s \"sick of playing these games.\" I don\'t know what games those are, but she let me know she\'s sick of them. Well i\'m sick of getting divorced, how about that? I didn\'t ask for this bullshit, it\'s just being thrown at me. She said \"it\'s not a bunch of money\" to get an apartment, and I just need to deal and do what I need to do. Well, it is a \"bunch of money\" when you haven\'t prepared for divorce like she has. It\'s a \"bunch of money\" when I don\'t have the bottomless pit of cash that she has with her dad. This whole thing is all about a \"bunch of money\".

So I love her, I live with her, I help pay for the house, I help pay off everything that\'s gone into the house in the three years we\'ve lived there, just like a married man and his wife do. And what do I get out of it? 40% of some mysterious debt. She\'ll some day sell the house, make money on it, and i\'ll still be paying some credit card bill.
